and silently the fastest on the way
to be traffic light that's fascinating
in less than three seconds to 50
things that drummed without exhaust
or squeaky tires and above all
without bad environmental conscience that goes
with the new scooter from the bmw home
dance evolution experiences with
By now bmw has electric vehicles
the i3 and the i8 are just on the
market came there it was close to this
know about the development of a
environmentally friendly scooter too
stick
there are three modules from i drive
built one to one the same
power electronics and the same
Storage capacity protected in one
Aluminum box as a bearing
element in this scooter is pronounced
disguised so that you can do it externally
not at all it offers with offers
the weight a very deep
focus is on driving
very positively noticeable they slide
to have a very safe
Driving behavior also have high levels
speeds is 120
kilometer quickly an absolute
safe straight-ahead current
getting out from below is above all else
for the other road users
surprisingly before they notice what's going on
is is the bike is the evolution
already over all mountains
short term
electric power unit up to 48 ps at one
base power of 15 ps
the 100-hour-kilometer manages the
scooter in good 6 seconds
A battery charge is enough for about 100
kilometre
then the solution to the
socket the batteries themselves are supposed to
ten years 1500 charging cycles and about
Keep 150,000 kilometers long
of course, the consumption fluctuates when it does
the mountain goes up it takes the
evolution more power than at
leisurely cruises on the plane
For this the scooter generates after the
summit
when it goes down the mountain again and
when braking new stream the back in
the battery is stored
the advantages of a roller in the
big city are clear it is faster
Ahead
you get through better and always find
a parking lot
being in southern big cities like here
in barcelona itself the parking spaces for
Mopeds in some places are frenzied with it
the more than five centners lighter
unpacking helps with the c
volume one of this small button
reverse gear
after all, the target group is not
necessarily with the classic biker but
in people for a two-wheeler with
combustion engine so far not in question
came
i think we speak also autocustomers
on
we especially talk to the customer
so-called green conscience with the
a good deal silently in the city
Want to drive
It is a city vehicle for smaller ones
to do business or even in
to drive the company to work
go back that is also with
the range of 100 kilometers
no problem
who wants to drive the symbolic
either an old car license
the before the first april 1980
was issued or the class 1a the
already allowed to make 16-year-old
the ce branche is at the price of
at least 15,000 euros already on the
level of a small car and he has no
roof and no heating what in the warm
south is certainly not a big disadvantage
but who lives further north and it
more often with rainstorm or in winter
even with snow and eisglätte to do
gets will consider whether he
It's a nice and nice weather
Electric scooters in addition to the car
can and wants to buy